1. For each problem, state its goal in your own words and describe your approach to solve the 
problem along with any issues you encountered and if/how you managed to solve those issues.

[Problem 1 (Particle Representation)]

Goal: To create a blob constructor and object that defines what a blob is. also we need to define distance functions 
and add functions.

Approach: I used the outline given on the disscussion slides. defining self_.x and self._y to the 0 as the blob needs
coordinates. These coordinates will later be changed given blob parameters. self._pixels and self._x_sum and 
self._y_sum are also set to 0 (_sum is just an object i created to make it simpler to find the center of mass).
Given the coordinates of a new pixel, i was able to use the formula given to find the new center of mass with the add
function. distanceto was also simple as it only requires pythagorean formula.

[Problem 2 (Particle Identification)]

Goal: given a picture find the number of blobs in the picture using indepth search

Approach: at first i tried to use a nested for loop to look through all the pixels and see if they met the threshold.
after this didnt work well i moved on to a recursive function as the slides suggested doing a N E W S search pattern.
then i realized that this wouldnt work without a starting white pixel, so i brought back the nested for loop and 
and searched for a white pixel. then i used the recursion algorithm to find the rest of the pixels in the blob. 

[Problem 3 (Particle Tracking)]

Goal: to track the position of the blobs through time as the picture frames go on.

Approach: for this problem i used a triple nested for loop which while extremely inneficient, worked well. i ran a 
loop over the distance from currBlob to prevBlob and designated a variable called smallestdistance to check which blob
was the closest.

[Problem 4 (Estimating Avogadro's Constant)]

Goal: to estimate avagadros Constant given data from beadtracker

Approach: this was very simply done by using the formulas given. no complex concepts were involved.


2. Did you receive any help? List the sources along with a short description of the help received.

Source disscussion slides, class slides                          Help Received none
------                               -------------

...                                  ...

3. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how much you learned from
doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed doing it.

...
