1. For each problem, state its goal in your own words and describe your approach to solve the 
problem along with any issues you encountered and if/how you managed to solve those issues.

[Problem 1 (Markov Model Data Type)]

Goal: Write the API for the object

Approach: This part was the hardest part of the entire assignment. Mostly, I went by the outline given in the
discussion slides. 
My init function created a nested symbol table and stored the values of occurences of the kgram in it.
The order function just needed to return the length of kgram we were using. 
For kgram_freq i used a for loop to sum the occurences of the kgram in the text by looking through the symbol table.
char_freq was easy, just needed to look through the symbol table for the number of occurences for each letter c.
For the rand function, I used the stdrandom.discreet function that was given on the list of occurences from each 
character c following kgram .
The gen function was pretty simple, just needed to follow the outline given in discussion slides.

The replace function was really hard for me and i didnt get full credit on this... what i struggled with most was
trying to identify which character was the most probable GIVEN that the next character was already 
assigned(for problem 3). I created a subfunction to make it easier to understand/write. The most annoying part
about this function was that I was always off by one letter...
[Problem 2 (Random Text Generator)]

Goal: creates random text given an initial string of letters.

Approach: This was just simply creating a MarkovModel object and then calling it using the gen API using only the first
k characters of the text.

[Problem 3 (Noisy Message Decoder)]

Goal: To apply the replace function on a general text.

Approach: This was just creating a MarkovModel and calling replace function from the API.

2. Did you receive any help? List the sources along with a short description of the help received.

Source                               Help Received
------                               -------------
discussion slides                       None
...                                  ...

3. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how much you learned from
doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed doing it.

annoying outputs like this make me want to tear my hair out:
it wis the best of times, in was the worst of times.
(off by one error)
